hello sports fans this camp trucker woke
up 4x4 sitting here in the cop shop with
one of our heavy builds that were doing
and got a new iPod or excuse me and I
knew iPad from a wife and a bum for my
work and decided that it might look cool
in a Jeep so here you go
the whole idea is to basically replace
the entire entertainment system / stereo
/ movies radio everything else in the
whole world this is the brand new iPad
64 whatever sweet little setup
you know we've got Clark's for you can
subscribe to this service and of course
you've got just like you can a telephone
so wherever your telephone works this
works as if it was a Facebook side and
you know we love I can't login but
anyway go to a couple by for Facebook
we've got before we even get into all
the different applications Google Maps
change the settings basically it's an
iPhone touch
just ridiculous drop in traffic go back
to see if there's any traffic no traffic
of course your photographs you have all
of those haven't loaded any up yet the
quality on the top on the videos is just
off the charts
you blowed up all of your movies pick
out the one you like
hit it start it turn it up turn it down
we do have it wired into the stereo
pause Thun all the different chapters
let's see we go to YouTube all of this
of course you would never do any of this
well you're driving an automobile but
here's different YouTube videos from cup
four before
one of my all-time favorites my Lynx
Jeep doing a ridiculous burnout about
three days before SEMA
now you scroll through the next videos
basically think it's pretty much the
coolest thing that I've ever seen in my
life
here's all of your move music the main
thing I wanted to show is this
spectacular setup that we got and what
we've built look of they're covered in
leather and your iPod or your iPad also
comes out so you can download new movies
once we get outside get in the back and
here's what the people in the back
you've got perfect screen so anyway
that's what we got going all the copshop
this week in addition to a couple of
well three giving build so life is good
thank you very much have a great day